Review readme for TLS and Downscaling (#48)
canonical/microovn: README.md

## Downscaling

### Impact

Downscaling can have an adverse effect on the availability and resiliency of
the cluster, especially when a member is being removed that runs an OVN central
service (OVN SB, OVN NB, OVN Northd).

OVN uses the [Raft consensus algorithm](https://raft.github.io) for cluster
management, which has a fault tolerance of up to `(N-1)/2` members. This means
that fault resiliency will be lost if a three-node cluster is reduced to two
nodes.

### Monitoring

You can watch logs on the departing member for indications of removal failures
with:

    snap logs -f microovn.daemon

Any issues that arise during the removal process will need to be resolved
manually.

### Remove a cluster member

To remove a cluster member:

>     microovn cluster remove <member_name>

Reviewer: Is this a preferred way to displaying code blocks?

Author: For single or a few lines, yes. Many lines would be bound by triple backticks. At this time, the [Charm Guide](https://docs.openstack.org/charm-guide/latest/community/doc-contrib/md.html#code-blocks) is the reference for OpenStack org formatting.

The value of <member_name> is taken from the **Name** column in the output
of the `microovn cluster list` command.

Any chassis components (`ovn-controller` and `ovs-vswitchd`) running on the
member will first be stopped and disabled (prevented from starting). For a

> member with central components present (`ovn-southd` and `ovn-northd`), the
> Northbound and Southbound databases will be gracefully removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
member with central components present (`microovn.central`), the
Northbound and Southbound databases will be gracefully removed.
```
In MicroOVN setup, all three processes (`northd`, `ovn-ovsdb-server-sb` and `ovn-ovsdb-server-nb`) are hidden under an umbrella service `microovn.central`

Author: I see, interesting. Thank you.
